EDDROID

A video game created by Milad Zolnoor, Matt Kellough, Alvaro De Castro

In a world where technology rules, programming languages have run rampant in the Realm of Wyncode. Only one man can debug these creatures and rescue the city from their grasp,

EDDROID!

Join EDDROID and use his Ruby powers on his journey to conquer the evil twins HTML & CSS, RAILS and JAVASCRIPT.

Will you sit by idly as EDDROID conquers every programming language in the Realm of Wyncode?
Or will you strap on your Ruby gem blaster, become a developer, and help him debug?


Enemies you will encounter:

HyperText Markup Language, or the one they call HTML, is the standard markup language used to create world web pages.
Along with CSS, and JavaScript, HTML is used by most world websites to create visually engaging world web pages.
Even the most inept of the ancient World Web browsers (Internet Explorer) can read HTML files.

Cascading Style Sheets, aka CSS, is HTML’s more sinister brother.
Visually more powerful, it is used for describing the presentation of a document written in HTML or Javascript.
Although most often used to set the visual style of world web pages.
Along with HTML and JavaScript, CSS is a cornerstone technology used by most websites to create visually engaging webpages.

RAILS, is one of Ruby’s fallen allies.
Rails, is a web application framework crafted in the great Ruby language, under supervision of the Scholars of MIT.
(EDDROID is the strongest of these Scholars.) Rails is a model–view–controller (MVC) framework, providing default structures for a database, a world web service, and web pages.
It encourages and facilitates the use of  HTML, CSS and JavaScript for display and user interfacing.

JavaScript is a dynamic language. With some serious bugs!
It has been standardized by the clan of ECMA.
A sidekick of the evil twins HTML and CSS, it is one of the three essential technologies of the World Web.
